MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Walmart E-commerce Holiday Sales Data Pipeline

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

EDUCATIONAL PURPOSE DISCLAIMER:

This project is intended for educational purposes only and was inspired by 
educational materials from DataCamp. The analysis, methodologies, and 
conclusions presented here are for learning and demonstration purposes. 

This work should not be used for actual business decisions without proper 
validation and additional analysis. The data used in this project may be 
simulated or anonymized and should not be considered representative of 
actual Walmart business metrics.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS:

This project was inspired by educational materials from DataCamp and serves 
as a practical implementation of data engineering and analysis concepts. 
We acknowledge DataCamp's contribution to data science education and the 
open-source community for providing excellent tools and libraries.
